NEW STUFF: (see Discord channel)
- "Trap" mission disguised as another mission type on the map. Exit is vault-locked, need to find exit keys and escape. Map filled with Enforcers? Agents split up? Advanced alarm level when you enter? Needs more thought.

- Mole insertion: Escort an NPC to a certain location, knock out/kidnap an executive, have them be replaced by informant. Reward: Informant will supply you with with random intel (facility layout, camera/console locations/daemons/guard tags, etc.) for subsequent missions for the rest of the campaign. This means you could build a 'network' of informants by doing several of these missions and having the benefits stack for the rest of the campaign. (on Endless mode, should be limited to say... 3 days)

- Luxury Nanofab: mission that lets you have access to all (or almost all) items of a specific type, or all three types (augs/weapons/misc). expanded repertoire, 16 slots all dedicated to one item type. However, can only buy 1 from each. Need to think of a security response.

- Frame job or eavesdrop: take out corporate exec and plant evidence pinning it on another corp. Reward: Lowered mission difficulty level across the map. However, must not leave winesses! Any guards/cameras/drones that directly see your agents must be destroyed or dead by the time you leave (or just don't be spotted > hence, two ways to play this). Could be  merged with existing WIP assassination mission seeing as we haven't figured out a "gimmick" for that yet. (Note to self: "witness" units will need a custom tooltip for ease of tracking)

OLD STUFF:

Distress Call
Reward: New agent or money reward for rescuing contact.
Fluff: Beam in to extract a live asset who got free on their own (agent or civilian type NPC carrying random valuable gear, corporate intel, or similar).
Design: Mission starts at or shortly before alarm level 4. On turn 2, you "establish uplink" with an new agent who you now control, freshly spawned in in a safe location far from the exit. Objective is to get everyone to the exit (+ the usual, safes etc.). Guaranteed 'agent location detected' event one turn later. To compensate, agent starts with some basic gear.


Sabotage
Reward: Partial reward: Money. Full completion reward: Global decline by 1 of target security level? Can we do that?
Fluff: Something about using a massive EMP detonation to scramble the data on some very important servers which is used for security algorithms... Monst3r has arranged for an EMP device to be on site.
Design: First you have to locate the custom EMP pack (can we make it a prop with EMP qualities so it's not sellable?) from a locker (or random safe?), hack the database/server to disable its failsafes, then plant the device. The EMP effect is map-wide and causes Short-Circuit V.2.0 (or something analogous) to install.
Partial completion reward: You can steal corporate intel.

Improvised chat:
Shirsh about Sabotage: "Then it should spawn late, also mayber it could affect single corp only, or area in radius? 
Early it'll lower loot. But later it harder to see difference between levels.
Also, there was a virus usb scenario in Alpha: retrieve the virus, upload the virus
can't we go same: retrieve a master key usb, then hack terminal than initiate shutdown by using usb at special device
with same thunders and bolts as with emp option"


